Bump version to v4.4.2 (#35440)
mastodon/mastodon: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [4.4.2] - 2025-07-23

### Security

- Update dependencies

### Fixed

> - Don't require JSDoc params & return in TS (#35426 by @diondiondion)

Reviewer: Can be removed from the changelog, it's not user-facing.
```suggestion
```

> - Disable `useDrag` hook when main menu is not openable (#35414 by @diondiondion)

Reviewer: Maybe bundle this with #35390 since they are trying to fix the same issue afaict?

- Add `lang` attribute to current composer language in alt text modal (#35412 by @diondiondion)
- Fix quote posts styling on notifications page (#35411 by @diondiondion)
- Improve a11y of custom select menus in notifications settings (#35403 by @diondiondion)
- Fix selected item in poll select menus is unreadable in Firefox (#35402 by @diondiondion)
- Only remove pointer-events when necessary (#35390 by @diondiondion)
- Update age limit wording (#35387 by @diondiondion)
- Fix support for quote verification in implicit status updates (#35384 by @ClearlyClaire)

> - Always give local quote of remote posts a quote request URI (#35383 by @ClearlyClaire)
> - Refactor `ActivityPub::Activity::Accept` and `ActivityPub::Activity::Reject` specs (#35382 by @ClearlyClaire)

Reviewer: I would drop these lines, they are not user facing, for the purpose of 4.4 they're just refactoring.
```suggestion
```

> - Fix `quoteAuthorization` type in JSON-LD context (#35380 by @ClearlyClaire)
> - Improve `Dropdown` component accessibility (#35373 by @diondiondion)
> - Fix quote attributes missing from Mastodon's context (#35354 by @ClearlyClaire)

Reviewer: I would merge two of these changes:
```suggestion
- Improve `Dropdown` component accessibility (#35373 by @diondiondion)
- Fix processing some incoming quotes failing because of missing JSON-LD context (#35354 and #35380 by @ClearlyClaire)
```
